README.md, before:

![Repository header image](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/195551088/c137ac80-ac60-11e9-8c01-2c8faf95488d)

# ✨ Henry Desroches | Personal Site

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/0c642719-192c-477e-9f05-f1ef8ed9d5f8/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/jolly-heyrovsky-35ce11/deploys)

Wow, just a truly tremendous portfolio/resume/personal site for Denver-based creative developer Henry Desroches. Inspired by editorial fashion print layouts. Really something. [Looking for a resume](https://github.com/xdesro/resume)?

## 📝 Colophon

- Built with [NuxtJS](https://nuxtjs.org/) and brought to life by [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap).
- Deployed with [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- Fonts In Use
  - [GT Super Display](http://gt-super.com/) from [Grilli Type](https://www.grillitype.com/typeface/gt-super).
  - [Inter UI](https://rsms.me/inter/) variable font from [Rasmus Andersson](https://rsms.me)

## 🚧 Development

1. **Install** dependencies:

```bash
$ npm install
```

2. **Run** the project for local development (hot reloads at `localhost:3000`):

```bash
$ npm run ✨ # nuxt
```

3. **Generate** the static site at `dist/` for production:

```bash
$ npm run 📦 # nuxt generate
```

Commit message:

📃  - Update README with attribution and thanks
📃  - Update README with attribution and thanks

README.md, after:

![Repository header image](https://repository-images.githubusercontent.com/195551088/c137ac80-ac60-11e9-8c01-2c8faf95488d)

# ✨ Henry Desroches | Personal Site

[![Netlify Status](https://api.netlify.com/api/v1/badges/0c642719-192c-477e-9f05-f1ef8ed9d5f8/deploy-status)](https://app.netlify.com/sites/jolly-heyrovsky-35ce11/deploys)

Wow, just a truly tremendous portfolio/resume/personal site for Denver-based creative developer and UX engineer Henry Desroches. Inspired by editorial fashion print layouts. Really something. [Looking for a resume](https://github.com/xdesro/resume)?

## 📝 Colophon

- Built with [NuxtJS](https://nuxtjs.org/) and brought to life by [GSAP](https://greensock.com/gsap).
- Deployed with [Netlify](https://www.netlify.com/)
- Fonts In Use
  - [GT Super Display](http://gt-super.com/) from [Grilli Type](https://www.grillitype.com/typeface/gt-super).
  - [Inter UI](https://rsms.me/inter/) variable font from [Rasmus Andersson](https://rsms.me)

## 🚧 Development

1. **Install** dependencies:

```bash
$ npm install
```

2. **Run** the project for local development (hot reloads at `localhost:3000`):

```bash
$ npm run ✨ # nuxt
```

3. **Generate** the static site at `dist/` for production:

```bash
$ npm run 📦 # nuxt generate
```

## 🗣 Attribution

Thanks to all the fantastic feedback and advice from Tatiana Mac, Scott Kellum, Brijan Powell, Tregg Frank, Seah Chickering-Burchesky, and Rayna Kunzman. Also special thanks to the **Know Your Worth** crew.
